Nh docs setup (#132)
HorizenOfficial/evm-documentation: docs/new_horizen/03-proof_submission_interface/02-rpc_methods.md

---
title: Proof Submission Interface RPC
---

# Proof Submission Interface Methods
Below are the details about the API interface exposed by the Mainchain node to Proof Submitters.  

## SettlementFflonkPallet

> - **Type:** non-blocking

Reviewer: Do you know what this means?

Author: I do not

> - **Description:** submit the proof and return the transaction hash if it is valid, Error otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Description:** submit the proof and return the transaction hash if it is valid, error otherwise.
```

```
Signature: submitProof(proof, public_inputs) -> Result<tx_hash, Error>
```

In case of success, the proof is included in the mempool, relayed, and eventually included in a proposed block and then finalized.

> **Note:** each different proof verification pallet will expose this API.

Reviewer: I don't think we need this line
```suggestion
```

## RPC Commands
- **Endpoint:** PoE (Proof of Existence)
- **Description:** get the Merkle path of the proof within the provided attestation, returning Error if the attestation_id’s Attestation event isn’t published yet.
```
Signature: proofPath(attestation_id, proof_leaf) -> Result<merkle_path, Error> Type: non-blocking
```

> For the initial launch, the management of the calls to these APIs is “embedded” into the PolygonCDK core code and is not available out-of-the-box to the end user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently these APIs are “embedded” into the PolygonCDK core code and not available the end user.
```

Reviewer: I don't think we mention the PolygonCDK anywhere (except in the diagram). Not sure we want to keep this line.
